dash/docs-es-modules (#19557)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/dashboards/installation-with-es-modules.md

        Dashboards.board('container', {
            editMode: {
                enabled: true,
                contextMenu: {
                    enabled: true
                }
            },
            gui: {
                enabled: true,
                layouts: [{
                    rows: [{
                        cells: [{
                            id: 'dashboard-col-0'
                        }]
                    }]
                }]
            },
            components: [
                {
                    cell: 'dashboard-col-0',
                    type: 'HTML',
                    elements: [{
                        tagName: 'h1',
                        attributes: {
                            text: 'Hello world'
                        }
                    }]
                }
            ]
        });

    </script>
```

## Creating a custom bundle (ES6 module)

The advantage of core files over packages is, that only the required features
are loaded. This reduces the total download size. We can create a bundle of all
files to further improve the load size and load time. Create a NodeJS project
and install Highcharts and Webpack as NPM packages.

> For a line chart create the JavaScript files as shown below.

Reviewer: Not `line chart`

        Dashboards.board('container', {
            editMode: {
                enabled: true,
                contextMenu: {
                    enabled: true,
                    items: ['editMode']
                }
            },
            gui: {
                enabled: true,
                layouts: [{
                    rows: [{
                        cells: [{
                            id: 'dashboard-col-0'
                        }]
                    }]
                }]
            },
            components: [
                {
                    cell: 'dashboard-col-0',
                    type: 'HTML',
                    elements: [{
                        tagName: 'h1',
                        attributes: {
                            text: 'Hello world'
                        }
                    }]
                }
            ]
        });

    </script>
```

## Creating a custom bundle (ES6 module)

The advantage of core files over packages is, that only the required features
are loaded. This reduces the total download size. We can create a bundle of all

> files to improve the load size and load time further. Create a NodeJS project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files to further improve the load size and load time. Create a NodeJS project
```

and install Highcharts and Webpack as NPM packages.

For a line chart create the JavaScript files as shown below.

```js
    import Dashboards from 'https://code.highcharts.com/dashboards/es-modules/masters/dashboards.src.js';

    Dashboards.board('container', {
        editMode: {
            enabled: true,
            contextMenu: {
                enabled: true,

>                 items: ['editMode']

Reviewer 2: We don't need that: `items: ['editMode']`

            }
        },
        gui: {
            enabled: true,
            layouts: [{
                rows: [{
                    cells: [{
                        id: 'dashboard-col-0'
                    }]
                }]
            }]
        },
        components: [
            {
                cell: 'dashboard-col-0',
                type: 'HTML',
                elements: [{
                    tagName: 'h1',
                    attributes: {
                        text: 'Hello world'
                    }
                }]
            }
        ]
    });
```

## To load a plugin
A plugin is a third party/community made Highcharts Dashboards addon.

> First, make sure that a plugin support loading over NPM and load the required
> files. In example `DataGrid`` supports NPM loading, so after installing the
> package you could initialize it like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure that a plugin supports loading over NPM and load the required
files. In the example `DataGrid` supports NPM loading, so after installing the
package you could initialise it like this:
```
